hey guys the explanation pro is here
today i'll explain a fantasy adventure
film titled journey to the west
conquering the demons spoilers incoming
the film begins with a discussion
between shang a long-haired little girl
and her father who happens to be a
fisherman they are discussing the
strange and scary sea monster that
terrorizes the riverbank town her father
decides to prank her while shang is
playing and singing her father sneakily
hides swims and scares her all of a
sudden the monster attacks and kills her
father a lot of blood begins to be
visible as it flows into the water after
that sheng is in a state of shock you
can see on her face the sadness and
grief of losing her father shang's
mother goes to her to comfort and hug
her during this time the villagers are
so terrified that they summon a taoist
priest in the hope of casting out and
killing the sea monster in this instance
all of the townsfolk are putting all
their hope in the priest because they
think that it is their last resort the
taoist priest begins to perform his
ritual prayer he dances with the wind
and sinks joyfully while riding in a
boat while doing that the taoist priest
secretly drops a grenade into the river
causing it to kill the big manta ray
after that scenario the priest persuades
the townfolk that the sea monster that
had been terrorizing them for a long
time has already been killed by him as a
return for the priest's service the
mayor of the village offers him a lump
sum of money and fish he generously
refused the offering the taoist priest
hasn't yet killed the genuine sea
monster according to shuan jiang a dirty
looking long-haired man and a
self-proclaimed demon hunter they all
look at him with disagreement they
ignore and laugh and make fun of him and
then they shockingly tie him to a pole
the villagers rejoice and swim in the
river believing that the monster has
already died the sea demon monster
reappears soon after and massacres the
inhabitants the sea monster kills
everyone on its way even shang the
little kid and her mother have been
eaten by the monster shuan zhang manages
to free himself from the pole and he
advises everyone to remain calm and
concealed himself since he believes that
the sea monster can detect fear and as
the noise becomes louder the more the
monster becomes aggressive with all his
force and effort he successfully
captures the demon with the help of a
fat lady the fat lady jumps onto a level
plank causing the sea monster to fling
itself into the air and land on the dock
the sea monster transforms into a wet
naked handsome guy all of a sudden
schwan zhang takes out the book of
nursery rhymes and performs and sings a
nursery rhyme to unleash the goodness in
the demon's body but the demon continues
to assault him during this time another
beautiful lady demon hunter named miss
duan arrives she beats the demon to
death before capturing it to her magic
back and turning it into a puppet all of
the village people praise miss duwan as
they believe that miss duon is the one
who truly defeats the sea monster
xuanzang is so taken aback that he asked
for the name of another demon hunter and
tells her that his master taught him a
new approach to catch the demon that is
more humane
similar to using a nursery rhyme that
can bring the demon's goodness out shuan
xang believes that all demons have
virtue in their hearts as well that we
are all born naturally good miss duon
believes huan zhang's arguments and
approach are too flimsy and delusionary
shuan zhang returns home with a heavy
heart to see his master his master a fat
and jolly looking guy sees zhuan zhang
returning from the riverside village
shuan zhang is lamenting his lack of
power doubting his ability to capture
demons and even comparing himself to
other demon hunters who fight demons
aggressively and physically his master
answered all of shuan zhang's
reservations about his talents
he told him about his humanist ideology
and reassured him that his ideology is
pure and powerful he dispatches swan
zhang once more to seek out son wu kong
the monkey king and assist him in
attaining enlightenment
meanwhile in the middle of the
wilderness a couple walks inside an
abandoned creepy looking restaurant they
are both escorted by a female waitress
who takes them on a tour of the
restaurant the waitress showcases the
beautiful interior design of the
restaurant and also the popular pig
delicacy that is currently being cooked
inside the rotisserie
meanwhile the top chef revealed himself
to be kale hogg
a handsome man who doesn't speak a word
it turns out kl hogg is the big demon
and killed both of them using sharp
equipment
shortly after schwan zhang is traveling
alone in the forest and arrives at the
same abandoned and creepy restaurant
where he notices that it has become
overrun with corpses and horrible
looking meat that is inside the
rotisserie as a demon hunter shuan zhang
is able to see through this apparition
and recognize the bodies of those who
have been slaughtered by the demon the
waitress continuously showcased the
place just like she did with a couple a
while ago shuan zhang finally approaches
the attendant and introduces himself as
a demon hunter the waitress has been
shocked by this revelation about swan
zhang she tries to assault him and
knocks him down on the ground
miss duon appeared out of nowhere to
assist hwan zhang with the restaurant
she was so irritated by the things that
were happening around her that she ended
up killing all the bodies around her she
yells angrily at the person in charge of
everything the pig demon approaches from
behind and strikes duwan
the battle between duon and the big
demon strikes the facility
after a while they successfully captured
the big demon with all their strength
and with the help of zhuan zhang and she
then places the pig demon inside her
magic bag to make it into a puppet
nonetheless the demon pig is so powerful
that it bursts out from the bag and
transforms into a massive hairy hog
because the building is now falling
apart schwann zhang and miss duwan flee
the restaurant and flee for their lives
over time miss duwan forms a strong
attachment to shuan zhang after being
awestruck by schwan zhang's principles
of selflessness and peacefulness miss
dewon confesses and declares her love
for shawan zang but he is uninterested
shuan zhang departs continuing his
search for enlightenment shwanzang's
master encourages him to seek out the
monkey king demon known as son wu kong
who has been bound in a lotus cave for
500 years by buddha to assist him in
capturing the pig demon swan zhang is
kidnapped by a group infamous for
slaying both demons and demon hunters on
his way to the mountain that night miss
duwan was one of the first captives to
arrive all of this is eventually shown
to be a ruse devised by miss duwan to
dupe shuan jang into having sexual
relationship with her
after shwanzang rejects her again
juwan's efforts appeared to be futile
while the gang miss dewan and shuan
zhang were driving through the woods in
their vehicle the demon pig reappeared
and hunted them down they did everything
they could to avoid being pursued by the
pig demon but the pig demon is so fast
that it still managed to catch up to
them and rip their vehicle apart miss
duwan is injured as a result of the
crash swan zhang dashes off to check on
duwan
meanwhile almighty foot prince important
and fists of the north star are the
names of the three opposing hunters the
big demon was frightened away by the
trio shuan zhang's care for her injury
strikes du1 as a romantic gesture
however shuan zhang rejects duan's
affection for him since he is seeking
enlightenment and does not want to be
distracted from his quest
duwan is enraged as a result of this and
destroys his book of nursery rhymes
before fleeing days passed and swan
zhang covered a significant amount of
ground he began to feel exhausted but he
remained defined in the face of the
situation shuan zhang arrived at the
five fingers mountain after all of his
efforts he looked in every direction but
couldn't spot the monkey king shuan
zhang drunk some water and started
meditating on the buddha finally he
comes across a cave hidden beneath a
lotus garden shwanzang sees monkey king
son wu kong there and learns that the
monkey king has been imprisoned by
buddha for 500 years they disagree on
how to defeat gail hogg a pig demon son
wukong felt helpless in his attempt to
be liberated from the cave so he
attempted to flee but the force of
buddha resisted him in exchange for his
release shuan zhang persuaded him to
assist him in defeating the pig demon
shuan zhang learns how to vanquish the
demon from the monkey king they'll both
need a beautiful female who can dance to
serve as a demon's bait
miss duwan arrives on the scene out of
nowhere and expresses her willingness to
assist to entice the demon pig miss
duwon promised to dance in the moonlight
the demon pig appears later that night
and tries to hunch one zhang and miss
duwan unfortunately for the pig demon it
tumbled into the tunnel beneath the
lotus where the monkey king quickly
captured it allowing miss duwan to turn
the demon into a puppet with her magic
bag miss the one percent schwan zhang
with two puppets a fish and a pig as
well as her golden bracelet weapon as an
engagement band sadly shuan zhang
rejects her once more miss duon returns
wanjang's nursery rhyme book which she
patched together and reassembled sun wu
kong the monkey king convinces shwan
zhang into removing the lotus blossom
which is the seal that ties him and
prevents him from escaping shuan zhang
removed it and the monkey king stormed
out of the cave vowing exact vengeance
on buddha shwan zang begins to kneel and
pray to buddha which enrages the monkey
king to the point of ripping his hair
out during the battle between zhuan
zhang and monkey king three demon
hunters emerged to catch and kill the
monkey king almighty foot prince
important and the fist of the north star
but their attempts were no match for the
monkey king's might and they were all
easily dispatched by the monkey king
miss new one reappears and saved shuan
zhang but the monkey king gravely wounds
her shuan zhang proclaims his love to
miss duwan as he lies down on the ground
taking her last breath miss duon's body
is vaporized by the monkey king who
continues to terminate the scene shuan
zhang realized when he looked at his
nursery book that miss duon had
unintentionally reconstructed the
phrases in his nursery rhyme book into
buddha sutra buddha is summoned by shwan
zang to defeat the monkey king using the
palm of the buddha's hand buddha easily
overcomes the monkey king shruan zhang
and the monkey king arrive at a tranquil
and serene location the golden ring is
then placed on the monkey king's head
and transformed into a golden headband
by schwan zhang
later shuan zhang admits to his teacher
that he has suffered greatly as a result
of duwan's death however he receives the
needed insight as a result of all this
schwan zhang is subsequently ordered by
his master to travel to the west in
search of the buddha sutras of the layin
temple it is also revealed at the
conclusion that xuanzang is now joined
by the water demon and pig demon as well
as the monkey king who have been
transformed into humans as they journey
through the desert shwanzang notices an
image of duwan in the sand thank you so
much for watching if you enjoyed this
video please hit the like button and
also subscribe to my channel for more
videos like this
see you in the next video